Mr. Xue, your acting is quite complete, isn't it?
To pretend to be the empress
Even the Divine Emperor Sword was borrowed
The Black Gold Group is indeed the minions of the Empress of the Northern Jin Dynasty
Xia Qin Emperor
Sword God Emperor Sword Like Sword Empress
Are you convinced?
service
Northern Jin empress exterminates the Xiongnu
Kutalu unified three weeks and sixteen districts
Three years ago, the Battle of Deer God Valley killed the three martial gods of Fuso Kingdom
Gonggai Qianqiu
How can I not accept
I kindly remind you
Some people you can't afford to offend
This kneeling is the danger of the kneeling empress
But that doesn't mean I'm afraid
Chen Bufan, I underestimated you.
I didn't expect you to get to know the empress first
But if he goes north, the empress can't control the sky and the earth, and he can't control my marriage.
Your engagement with me cannot be returned
If you want me to say this engagement is refundable
Nie Linghan, you're not done, are you?
You are lucky
Mr. Xue borrowed the Divine Soul Sword to protect you
But you compare with the general
That's 108,000 levels short.
Yue Linghan pulled out the Divine Soul Sword
Mr. Xue not only does not blame
Huabegatan
Could it be that Ye Linghan is the master of the God Emperor Realm?
The peerless empress of Beijing